docs: Add sample shell script and documentation to execute validations at a BigQuery dataset level (#910)
GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator: samples/bq_utils/README.md

# Helper scripts for BigQuery validations

## Dataset-level

> Currently, we do not natively support validations of an entire BQ dataset yet. This is a workaround to execute this task.

Reviewer: I would remove this line because it's not on the roadmap. Usually customers want to do table-specific validations instead of only COUNT(*) validations, so we'll probably use this example unless there's more demand in the future

Author: I rewrote the sentence to just state that is not supported, please check what you think!

> This script will take all existing tables at source and run validations on target, **if they have the same name.** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script will run validations on all the BigQuery tables within a provided dataset **as long as the table names match between source and target datasets.** 
```

> **IMPORTANT:** It will run only 2 types of validations (column, schema). Other types are not available in this script, feel free to modify it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT:** The script will only run column and schema validations for BigQuery source and target databases.
```

1. Enter the directory:

```shell script 
cd samples/bq_utils/
```

1. Grant execution permissions to file: 

```shell script 
chmod u+x bq-dataset-level-validation.sh
```

1. To run a validation, execute the script by passing the following parameters:

```shell script 

> ./bq-dataset-level-validation.sh [PROJECT_BQ_SOURCE] [SOURCE_BQ_DATASET] [PROJECT_BQ_SOURCE] [SOURCE_BQ_DATASET] [FULLNAME_BQ_TABLE_VALIDATION_RESULTS] <OPTIONAL ARGUMENTS>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./bq-dataset-level-validation.sh [SOURCE_BQ_PROJECT] [SOURCE_BQ_DATASET] [TARGET_BQ_PROJECT] [TARGET_BQ_DATASET] [FULLNAME_BQ_RESULT_HANDLER] <OPTIONAL ARGUMENTS>
```

```

Like this example:

```shell script 
./bq-dataset-level-validation.sh your-project dataset1 your-project dataset2 your-project.pso_data_validator.results
```

> 1. (Optional) You can add a filter. Let's suppose all your tables have a partition timestamp and you want to perform a validation only in a specific timeframe. You can add the filter to that as an optional argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional) Add an optional filter. Assume all your tables have a partition timestamp and you want to perform a validation within a specific timeframe. You can add the filter as an optional argument:
```
